										Homework 01

1. software not delivered on time, within budget, fault free, or meeting it's clients needs.

2. the software life cycle includes post-delivery maintanence and eventually retiring the software, while
	the development cycle ends with the software being delivered to the clients
	
3. perfective maintanence: A businessman uses a calculator app and concludes that it should be able to
	compute complex problems and the software developer adds that functionality.
   adaptive maintanence: A company switches from Windows computers to Macs and their custom software
	has to be made compatible with the Mac OS
	
4. Once a piece of hardware has been built and released, any faults in it cannot be fixed and maintanence
	is up to the owner. Once a piece of software is released, any faults can be fixed with updates and 
	over time it will become fault free.
	
5. Because so many bugs are found and fixed prior to implementation, a few manage to slip by into the 
	finished product.
	
6. Software Engineering is a very meticulous practice that requires planning, testing, and documentation
	at every phase.
	
7. Structured programming techniques provide the structure neccessary for object-oriented programming

8. It is more important to interact frequently with the users because they can tell the developer what
	functionality to add or improve and what  bugs to fix.
	
9. Learning new development tools as they are released

10. The Cathedral and the Bazaar by Eric Steven Raymond is an imformative narrative of his discovery 
	of the Bazaar style of software development. It brought a highly effictively style of development 
	to the public eye and helped spark a change in the industry. This essay gives credit to the revolutionary
	developer Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux. Raymond showed how outdated and inefficent the cathedral
	style was compared to the bazaar style. This convinced the tech giant Netscape to give the baazar style 
	a try.